Hi and welcome to this first lesson.
Now let me give you a brief intro into what's ahead of you.
This section is about giving you an overview of the different definitions
of autonomy because not all autonomous cars are made equal.
I want you to properly understand what it means when people talk about level two car,
level four or even level five car.
So some years ago, the Society of Automotive Engineers
has come up with a definition of those automation levels.
The SAE levels range from zero,
which is no automation at all up to level five,
which means full automation.
Level five basically means that the vehicle is capable of
performing all driving functions under all conditions.
Now take a look further down in this section phone overview of level zero to level five.
The important thing for you to know is that requirements with regard to performance
and redundancy increase exponentially once you leave level two behind.
Level two basically is what the Tesla autopilot currently is.
Despite the school name which suggests
a full level five autonomy and is commonly accepted that without combining sensor data,
and this means sensor fusion,
autonomous driving simply is not possible.
That means by learning about sensor fusion and by putting in
the work to complete those exercises and projects,
you are increasing your chances of landing
a top job in a row and in a super exciting industry.
So let's move on and dive right into it.